THE ROBOTS R C̶U̶M̶M̶I̶N̶G̶ COMING!

AN EXPERIMENTAL TECHNO HORROR
HYPER MAYHEM EXTRAVAGANZA
PRESENTED BY
FLOAT STUDIO

Classic box metal robot appears in front of you, has psychedelic screens.

“I.AM.A.ROBOT”
“LOOK.INTO.MY.EYES”

when the user looks into the robots eyes a clear progressing action happens where his screens build up to something and he starts to whir.

at the end of the power up the robot explodes into magic pixie dust that engulfs the screen

out of it a sexy porn robot walks out of the haze directly at you and says —

“The robots are cumming”

Then the sexy porn robot gets hit by a robot car transformer and explodes into pieces. The robot car transformer transforms from a car into a large robot and bellows -

“THE ROBOTS ARE COMING!!”

Then a huge ass tyrannosaurus robot foot comes down and smashes the transformer robot. The tyrannosaurus robot leans its head down to your level and opens its hulking jaws. A tiny cute little child like fairy robot with little fucking wings walks out from his esophagus and says in a cute little friendly voice:

“the robots are coming”

and the tyrannosaurus robot smashes his jaws down on the little punk fairy robot. Then a psychedelic cloud like lighting technicolor swarm beast floats in and dissolves the tyrannarobofuck into little pieces of metal that then float into the cloud and form into a large rainbow neural net that looks like a goddam brain and its rainbow and shit and pulsing with light. The brain then brightens with the sound of a low, deep, bassey, god-like robo voice that says..

“ttttthheee rooobbbottss rrr cooommminnnggg”

Then the brain thing starts to scale upwards and focus in on one of the neurons and its a person with a bunch of gears and wires sticking out of them and they are all rainbow lcd type things and a large fucking tentacle comes out of the air and violently snaps into the back of the head and his closed eyes open HELLA FAST and he gasps like a punk and says:

“THE ROBOTS R COMING!” and another one of the tentacle arms puts a VR headset on his stupid face.

then a frame starts to form around the persons head and body and a normal architectural visualization style room builds up around you and all the tentacles and robotic shit fades away and the person looks normal just like you but is in a mirror and his head tracks with yours and if you look down you can see your body and its hell fucking meta because you are in fact probably sitting in a chair with a fucking normal real world headset on and then you are just sitting in a room as a little roomba robot is just driving around like a dumbbutt running into walls and the little display on its back has a marquee running continuously that just says “THE ROBOTS R COMING” 